Add maintainers and governance files (#8638)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: GOVERNANCE.md

## 3. How We Work.

**3.1. Openness**. Participation is open to anyone who is directly and materially affected by the activity in question. There shall be no undue financial barriers to participation.

**3.2. Balance**. The development process should balance the interests of Contributors and other stakeholders. Contributors from diverse interest categories shall be sought with the objective of achieving balance.

**3.3. Coordination and Harmonization**. Good faith efforts shall be made to resolve potential conflicts or incompatibility between releases in this Project.

**3.4. Consideration of Views and Objections**. Prompt consideration shall be given to the written views and objections of all Contributors.

**3.5. Written procedures**. This governance document and other materials documenting this project's development process shall be available to any interested person.

## 4. No Confidentiality.

Information disclosed in connection with any Project activity, including but not limited to meetings, contributions, and submissions, is not confidential, regardless of any markings or statements to the contrary.

## 5. Amendments.

> Amendments to this governance policy may be made by affirmative vote of 2/3 of all Maintainers, with approval by project admins.

Reviewer: just a little question:
why only 2/3 of all...,
why not all Maintainers (or e.g., 83%, 89%, or 97% of all) ?

Reviewer 2: This comes from MVG: https://github.com/github/MVG/blob/main/project-docs/GOVERNANCE.md#6-amendments

Author: It comes from the MVG [here](https://github.com/github/MVG/blob/main/project-docs/GOVERNANCE.md). The idea is to allow modifications a small group of maintainers agree without having to check with everyone.

Reviewer: Ok, 2/3 is a minimum according to MVG. Do not know how important amendments or governance is, but the idea is:
for the first version of this governance file, we could use 
**97% of all Maintainers**,
and later (as needed) if all Maintainers agree, we could reduce the rate to **67%** (2/3), or e.g.,
71%, 73%, 79%, 83%,...

```suggestion
Amendments to this governance policy may be made by affirmative vote of 97% of all Maintainers, with approval by project admins.
```

Author: I don't think that's a critical point. I prefer to have a static reasonable percentage rather than changing it when needed.
